We've seen many exciting buying opportunities throughout the recent bear market. We witnessed Meta Platform's (META) drop below $90 (now above $300). We saw Nvidia (NVDA) fall into our $100-$120 buy-in zone (currently around $450). We saw Tesla (TSLA) crash to our ultra-low buy-in level of around $100 (now about $250). The market often picks on high-quality stocks it detests briefly, revaluing them sharply higher as the sentiment improves in the weeks following the capitulation-style lows.

Now, we see PayPal (NASDAQ:PYPL) trading around multi-year lows. PayPal recently reported Q2 results that were in line with estimates. Nevertheless, despite delivering robust earnings results, the market found a reason to sell the news, enabling PayPal's stock to drop by around 20% from its recent high.

PayPal's stock is about 80% below its 2021 all-time high of more than $300 a share. Now we see the stock's RSI approaching 30, implying PayPal's shares are substantially oversold. Additionally, the CCI hit negative 200-300, further illustrating the oversold nature of the stock. Also, we have the full stochastic dipping to around 10, implying the momentum and sentiment could become more constructive soon. We've also seen substantial downside volume during the recent selloff, indicating capitulation and panic-like selling may have occurred.

The market's irrationalism has created an excellent buying opportunity, as PayPal's stock is dirt cheap right now. Moreover, the company deserves a much higher multiple than the 10-12 times forward earnings we see. PayPal's stock should go much higher due to increasing revenues and profitability, multiple expansion, and improved sentiment overall.

Recently, Amazon.com, Inc. reported better-than-expected results for its second quarter of 2023. Revenue increased by 10.9% YoY to $134.4 billion and surpassed the consensus estimate by $2.96 billion. EPS was $0.65 as compared to -$0.20 in the previous year's quarter and beat the consensus EPS estimate by $0.34. Operating margin increased by 310 basis points YoY to 5.7%. The increase in revenue was a result of good demand for essential products in the retail business as well as improved customer satisfaction due to increasing delivery speed. The EPS and operating margin increased as a result of sales leverage and cost-saving benefits.

Everyone knows that the competitive landscape in the electric vehicle market is rapidly evolving, with established automakers and emerging players vying for market share, adding further uncertainty to Tesla's future position. The increased cost of capital. The unpredictability of Elon Musk's actions and communication style has occasionally led to market disruptions and heightened risk for investors. I believe these past lapses were warning signs of more problematic events for Musk in the future.

It has proven to be a dangerous short in the past, and the stock price has grown 2436% over the previous 10 years; more than 100% per annum. Even though I believed Tesla was a bad investment, I never thought it was a good short because of the hype, the technicals, and the rabid fan base. But times have changed and I now believe the sentiment towards TESLA and Musk is changing. Elon has been under heavy fire for his mismanagement of Twitter. The controversial renaming of the company to X has been a firestorm. This year the momentum has stalled. Year to date TSLA is up 139% but over the last year TSLA is down 16%.

He got 127.7 million options vested to him over the last decade. He literally has almost nothing left to gain at TSLA. A higher price benefits him but not as much as creating a new company might earn him. Although he might attempt to do more at TSLA, I wouldn’t count on it.

600 words, 3726 characters, college graduate reading level.
